README.md, before:

🍽️ FoodieHub – Online Food Ordering System

FoodieHub is a modern and intuitive online food ordering website designed to provide a fast and seamless experience for users to browse menus, add items to cart, and place food orders from their favorite restaurants. It features real-time order tracking, secure authentication, dynamic menu filtering, and automated bill generation — all powered by Firebase.

🚀 Features

✅ User signup & login with Firebase Authentication
✅ Browse restaurant menus with images, prices, and item details
✅ Cart functionality with quantity management
✅ Order placement and live order tracking
✅ Payment method selection (COD & online options)
✅ PDF bill generation for each order
✅ Restaurant panel for managing orders in real time
✅ Responsive UI for mobile & desktop
✅ Search & category filters for food items
✅ Order history with downloadable receipts

🛠️ Tech Stack
Technology	Usage
HTML, CSS, JavaScript	Frontend UI Development
Firebase Authentication	User login & security
Firebase Firestore	Database for menu & orders
Firebase Hosting	Deployment (optional)
jsPDF	Bill/Invoice PDF generation
📌 Project Structure
/FoodieHub
│
├── index.html          # Homepage & login
├── menu.html           # Food listing page
├── order_history.html  # User order records
├── restauranthome.html # Restaurant order panel
├── css/                # Stylesheets
├── js/                 # Firebase & app logic
└── assets/             # Images & icons

🧩 How to Run Locally

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/FoodieHub.git


Open project folder

Configure Firebase in your script.js (add your Firebase keys)

Launch index.html in a browser

🔥 Firebase Setup Required

Enable the following in Firebase Console:

Authentication → Email/Password

Firestore Database → Create database

Add security rules based on your structure

📸 Screenshots

(Add UI screenshots here once ready!)

📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License – free to modify and use.

👨‍💻 Developed By

Dheeraj Dhawan
FoodieHub – Eat Smart, Order Fast 🍕✨

Commit message:

Update README with website setup instructions
Added setup instructions for website structure and files.

README.md, after:

🍽️ FoodieHub – Online Food Ordering System

FoodieHub is a modern and intuitive online food ordering website designed to provide a fast and seamless experience for users to browse menus, add items to cart, and place food orders from their favorite restaurants. It features real-time order tracking, secure authentication, dynamic menu filtering, and automated bill generation — all powered by Firebase.

🚀 Features

✅ User signup & login with Firebase Authentication
✅ Browse restaurant menus with images, prices, and item details
✅ Cart functionality with quantity management
✅ Order placement and live order tracking
✅ Payment method selection (COD & online options)
✅ PDF bill generation for each order
✅ Restaurant panel for managing orders in real time
✅ Responsive UI for mobile & desktop
✅ Search & category filters for food items
✅ Order history with downloadable receipts

🛠️ Tech Stack
Technology	Usage
HTML, CSS, JavaScript	Frontend UI Development
Firebase Authentication	User login & security
Firebase Firestore	Database for menu & orders
Firebase Hosting	Deployment (optional)
jsPDF	Bill/Invoice PDF generation
📌 Project Structure
/FoodieHub
│
├── index.html          # Homepage & login
├── menu.html           # Food listing page
├── order_history.html  # User order records
├── restauranthome.html # Restaurant order panel
├── css/                # Stylesheets
├── js/                 # Firebase & app logic
└── assets/             # Images & icons

🧩 How to Run Locally

Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/FoodieHub.git

*************************************************************************************************
To make sure that it runs perfectly, perform the following steps:
1. Create a folder for the website.
2. create two sub folders in it named as, images and css.
3. in this main folder, add all the HTML files.
4. in the css folder, add all the css files.
5. in images folder, create more sub folders, as "home background", "login page", "logo" and "map".
6. add their images respectively.
7. run the website and see the best.
   Have fun, Enjoy.
*************************************************************************************************

Open project folder

Configure Firebase in your script.js (add your Firebase keys)

Launch index.html in a browser

🔥 Firebase Setup Required

Enable the following in Firebase Console:

Authentication → Email/Password

Firestore Database → Create database

Add security rules based on your structure

📸 Screenshots

(Add UI screenshots here once ready!)

📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License – free to modify and use.

👨‍💻 Developed By

Dheeraj Dhawan
FoodieHub – Eat Smart, Order Fast 🍕✨
